
NetBeans
is an integrated development environment (IDE) for developing primarily with Java, but also with other languages, in particular PHP, C/C++, and HTML5.It is also an application platformframework for Java desktop applications 
and others. The NetBeans IDE is written in Java and can run on Windows, OS X, Linux, Solaris and other platforms supporting a compatible JVM.
The NetBeans Platform allows applications to be developed from a set of modular software components called modules. 

Eclipse
is an integrated development environment (IDE). It contains a base workspace and an extensible plug-in system for customizing the environment. Written mostly in Java, Eclipse can be used to develop applications. 
By means of various plug-ins, Eclipse may also be used to develop applications in other programmi languages: Ada, ABAP, C, C++, COBOL, Fortran, Haskell, JavaScript,Lasso, Natural, Perl, PHP, Prolog, Python, R, Ruby 
Scala, Clojure, Groovy, Scheme, and Erlang. Users can extend its abilities by installing plug-ins written for the Eclipse Platform, such as development toolkits for other programming languages, and can write and 
contribute their own plug-in modules.

SharpDevelop (also styled as #develop) 
is a free and open source integrated development environment (IDE) for the .NET Framework, Mono, Gtk#[ and Glade# platforms. It supports development in C#, Visual Basic .NET, Boo,F#, IronPython and IronRuby programming 
languages. It was designed as a free and lightweight alternative to Microsoft Visual Studio, and contains an equivalent feature for almost every essential Visual Studio Express feature, including features for project 
management, code editing, application compiling and debugging. To allow for easy project migration, SharpDevelop works natively with Visual Studio project and code files. It is able to compile applications for .NET Framework 

JDeveloper
is a freeware IDE supplied by Oracle Corporation. It offers features for development in Java, XML, SQL and PL/SQL, HTML, JavaScript, BPEL and PHP. JDeveloper covers the full development lifecycle from design through coding, 
debugging, optimization and profiling to deploying. With JDeveloper, Oracle has aimed to simplify application development by focusing on providing a visual and declarative approach to application development in addition to 
building an advanced coding-environment. Oracle JDeveloper integrates with the Oracle Application Development Framework (Oracle ADF) - an end-to-end Java EE-based framework that further simplifies application development.

Embarcadero Delphi
is an integrated development environment (IDE) for console, desktop graphical, web, and mobile applications. Delphi's compilers use their own Object Pascal dialect of Pascal and generate native code for 32- and 64-bit Windows 
operating systems, as well as 32-bit Mac OS X, iOS and Android. As of late 2011 support for the Linux operating system was planned by Embarcadero.Delphi was originally developed by Borland as a rapid application development 
tool for Windows, and as the successor of Borland Pascal. Delphi and its C++ counterpart, C++Builder, shared many core components, notably the IDE and VCL.

